Well everyone's car body is black equivalent this time too
It is the third mountain of 2010 because of the university of the Panini Football League 2015 fifth edition
I think I want to open the box
The last time was that the charge here was a little gone
I was not sorry become suddenly hum a video on the way really sorry car
This time is the continuation of the last time and it is on the left side
6 pack, etc. It is a bit shorter opened a 10 pack where the I would like to turn once Masusono
It is in the next video
Right side
I would like to put together a bag thank you
No
Last time se diesel oil and star + unknown
Esther was Ram
I also aim to draw pictures
I want to ask to come by all means in the male he really wants
Buber-in-he- ho れ お ね け
Even in the 8 star code will come out
Hmm
I 'm stranger or bullish
It is being Kana stunned glowing Hainnanka
a
Something that in the softening great valley of bears roof Schmelzer and
I wonder if it is my star
I do not want to open up
The name was a little money
Car until the bench Benzema
Hmm
Oh dear
Is it okay
I thought it was that handle beach so it was a bit smashed but it was a stone from a person's name
It is not at all good Yeah sister at all I did not know surely
I really want to be a supermarket Bear
What really
It's been a long time , but in the group that will be super, there is certainly benz too
with friends
Nothing friends when I bought the first time was a super Pol that issued at the beginning
I was a Benzema I started mesh in the first pack
Yes Nakane This is not a good box, but I wonder if there will be anything left
If you 're tired of a cat, it's already perfect but on your own
I want to kill with the hand I want you tired
And crispy
It is a recruitment horse to meet Tappi Yuki Kana piati, I also wanted this
It is usually strong I want this car
I'm stable I'm going to work center back
Defense also 18
Blue at the stable place
Oh dear
this is
It is why was good Is the wanted
I'm going to take advantage of the rare pit and it's a bit scary , but I'm wondering if the 7th will come
I'd Zuppiku not Baker
But it is not needed really only everyone of the road
Or not or d from Toka good Energy
It is a pan-an- sally cat
婆
It is the ticket you hit in
It is 10 nights the left side of the last in
It feels quite like you
We light products and of this part is another good in
23 る エ エ エ エ エ
I'm with you
I I I I be your brother is doing much Te flocked's
It is a good way
I'm a great good player I gave this lightly
I like it so much because I like it so much I want you to do my best
The
Hey that Man u lost a little time in did not look at all the Lou
I'm really happy to come out a little
Open the 10 pieces on the left side with yes, and a
That's right
Saga
Thiago Shiubaran
I
Star + minutes
It is Cahill super day flight island
It's not so bad it's all right, there aren't any unusual cards
The rest is dark
I think it is a good bet is a strong After this I of the star is a tobacco with If this box is sleeping fall
I kinda Is this part short I would like us to go to the next also work hard
I would like to cut this Well was all coral viewing Arigatogozama